- [Instructor] Eclipse makes the setup
of a new JAX-RS project very simple.
Let's go ahead and build out a new JAX project.
Just open the new dialogue,
and then type dynamic web project,
and you'll see the selection.
Go ahead and move to the next screen,
and then, here, we need to provide a name
for our new project.
It's going to be Hsports-catalog-jax,
and then from here,
we can proceed to the next screen in the wizard
and we'll remove the existing source folder.
We'll switch it over to source main java,
and then we'll add another folder source main resources,
and then we'll proceed to the next screen.
Here we're going to, once again,
switch out that content directory to source main web app.
And, from here, we can go ahead and hit finish.
So you'll see that our new project is created.
And then what we're going to do is
add a new JAX-RS application.
So if you just type application within the new dialogue,
you'll see the option to select JAX-RS application.
Choose that, hit next,
and then we need to provide some additional configuration.
First, we're going to set up the package for this new class,
and it's going to be com.linkedin.
And then for the name of the class,
we'll call it the HsportsRestApplication.
And then we set up the base URI for the entire API.
In our case,
we're going to specify a /Hsports/api.
Once that's in place, go ahead and hit finish,
and you'll see the class annotated
with the application path annotation
as well as that class extending the application class,
which is part of JAX-RS.
And that's all we need to do
to set up a new JAX-RS application.
Now, we are packaging our entire app within an ear,
so we're going to right-click on that ear,
and then go to properties,
and then we can go to deployment assembly.
And if we click on add, we can add a project,
so we'll hit next, and then we simply select
our newly-created Hsports-catalog-jax project.
That will then become part of our ear.
And what we can do, I'm just going to remove
our existing application from the server,
and then we'll fire up the app
just to make sure everything's okay.
Let's watch the console here.
Okay, so we see that our application started,
so now we have a JAX-RS application configured.
We'll go ahead from here and start to build out
some of the resources in the upcoming lessons.